okay then here we go on a lap of the
fabulous historic legendary Mount
Panorama circuit and I'm riding with no
less a man than Brad Jones the reigning
Australian Touring Car champion in the
four-wheel-drive Audi Quattro and Brad
is in the taunting for the Mathis
we're accelerating away
and that acceleration
it's just like made out of a gun over
the crest now
we all acknowledge a
maybe our rep come on up down again
is nine in the lane man
just kiss the car and ride up a little
now we're to the left
almost touches the ground to the left
right it very very tight now we go
I'm a-gettin up towards
Diane
under they I am
as we know he took a stroke
but this ground
granted the problem please
throw it in what
going marching quick even though it's
got a passenger aboard
now this is the drop this is unbeliev
right down another year down into the
time left-hander of the dipper right
again
we should we come on
chorus elbow which is first elbow down
into second gear
why does this mean
16k did you gonna tow six know
chase why are we
tomorrow
over the calves again
after the rage
we're well out of that but
and there is a second lag
I saw your points where we go and now
you can see me Flint I was just looking
over to see what you're like I wasn't
worried - thanks a lot Brian I feel
great Marie that was it wonderful absol
absolutely fantastic I mean I went round
with Peter Brock yesterday I went round
without a Moffatt yes even with Ellen
Moffat he was in in an ordinary Tory car
passenger car with Peter Brock of course
he was in the incredible Austin a30 with
the 3.3 liter Holdem engine but this
this is a champion winning mark
and we were doing 265 days down come on
straight
I don't know how hard Brett was trying
bearing in mind he got a passenger but
he seemed to me to be trying very hard
indeed and it was a most impressive ride
and the car of course is absolutely
fantastic it sticks to the ground like
glue it steers to the nearest millimeter
when you put the brakes on when Brad
plucks the brakes on I felt myself going
right forward into the safety belt of
them back again for an inch or so when
he accelerated certainly one of the
experiences of my life
I left to go out with him again maybe
I'll be able to